Update dl-sandbox.md (#2)
scalar-labs/scalardl-client-sdk: docs/dl-sandbox.md

## Purpose of Sandbox

The Sandbox environment is for playing around with Scalar DL to roughly understand what Scalar DL does and how to write contracts.
This is not for verifying or benchmarking the reliability, scalability and/or performance of Scalar DL.
If you want to interact with Scalar DL more deeply, please [contact us](https://scalar-labs.com/contact_us/).

## Get an auth token and a key pair (a certificate and a private key)

From here, you will need a [GitHub](https://github.com/) account.
If you don't have one, please create a free account.

We will authorize you through GitHub OAuth to grant you access to the Sandbox environment.
Please visit [our sandbox site](https://scalar-labs.com/sandbox/), read the [terms of use](https://scalar-labs.com/terms-of-use), and press the button `Try Now`.

> We will provide you a zip file containing the necessary access token, key pair and configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will provide you with a zip file containing the necessary access token, key pair and configuration file.
```

By the way, is it really a key pair? Or certificate and private key?

Reviewer 2: I'm not fully sure about the question, but I use the term `key pair` here to mean a certificate and a private key. 

Also, probably `a key pair` is more correct ?

Reviewer: I agree with "a key pair".

I think that the standard meaning of "key pair" means a public and private key. See, e.g., https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/security/KeyPair.html. If here it means a certificate and a private key, I think this should be written explicitly.

> The access token is only used for autehnication with Sandbox API gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The access token is only used for authentication with Sandbox API gateway.
```

Author: thanks !

The key pair is used for communicating with Scalar DL network.

Please note that we generate a key pair for ease of use for the Sandbox environment, but it is usually required to create your private key in your own environment.

## Before running your first contract 

Let's clone Scalar DL client SDK to interact with Scalar DL network.
```
$ git clone https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardl-client-sdk.git 
```
Unzip the downloaded zip file into this directory.

Scalar DL manages data as a set of assets, where each asset is composed of a history of data identified by a key called `asset_id` and historical version number called `age`.
`asset_id` is an arbitrary, but unique, string specified by users to manage their assets.

Since the Sandbox is a shared environment that anyone can access,

> take speical care when choosing an appropriate name so that it will not conflict with the `asset_id` chosen by another user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
take special care when choosing appropriate names for your `asset_id`s so that they will not conflict with the `asset_id`s chosen by other user.
```

One recommended way to do this is to append your username to the asset name, for example `<username>-<your-asset-name>`.
Also, the same care is needed when choosing contract IDs and we recommend using `<username>-<your-contract-class-name>`.

## Register your certificate

Next, let's register your certificate in the Scalar DL network.

> The registered certificate will allow you to register and execute contracts, and it is used for tamper detection of the data stored in the network.

Reviewer: I feel here like we need the "also" here. What do you think?

Author: So something like "and also used for ..."

Reviewer: Yes, or even the original is fine I think in this case. How do you think?

```suggestion
The registered certificate will allow you to register and execute contracts, and will also be used for tamper detection of the data stored in the network.
```

In the `scalardl-client-sdk` directory:
```
$ client/bin/register-cert -properties client.properties
```

> * The `client.properties` should be the same file from the zip downloaded earlyer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `client.properties` should be the same file from the zip downloaded earlier.
```
